I think your case is clearly
clear of what we were talking
about early adopters, and it is that
when you launch a value proposal,
when you enter a new market,
etc., etc., the more innovative,
more necessary is to do this,
you have to focus, that is, segment
a lot by some variable or whatever,
identify what your niche, your customer
person, who are the early adopters,
with which you fit the perfection
and focus on them, and then you
will already grow, if you
can grow that there are
people who do not exceed that,
the abyss they call,
cross the abyss.
In your case, how did you segment
that, who were you initially addressing
or who were the early
adopters?
For in our case, ten years ago in
Spain, it was fundamental to focus
because in the end if you pick
up the entire population with many
messages, you end up without
starting any one, we went directly
to a very clear segment that were young
students, 18-24 years and
the message or the value proposal
was very clear and it is the
price, you are a student, you want
to travel, you don't have a
paste or then I buy the car or
I stay at home.
That is, the early adopter were
young university students who
sought to save or be able to travel at
an affordable price, that is,
you identify your early adopters by
introducing two variables, it is the
conjunction of two variables that is
age and benefit and you get that, the
university students who want
to travel and so on.
But at some point it is obvious that
you have overcome that, you have
crossed that abyss because you
are now a massive company with
customers of different profiles,
profits, etc.
How was that, how was it?
Well the beautiful part of the
early adopters in our case was
that they were growing and we realized
that really people likely car
for the first time for pure rational
fact, the price savings try
it, but repeat for a more
emotional fact.
They go through the physical environment
and inside the car of an
enriching experience and want
to repeat, but to such a point
that many users have told us
that the price is no longer
so important.
What we have done, what has
happened is that those early adopters
have grown and now the reality
is that our community is much
more homogeneous.
Today, we have a third of users between
the ages of 25 and up to 34 and
already a third is over 35 years
old.
That has meant that we can cover
that critical mass, that those early
adopters of 10 years ago are no longer
so young and that in addition the mouth-
to-mouth help us that those brand
ambassadors speak well of blablacing
and other people not so young
try blablacing for the first time.
You have segmented a lot, age
and benefit, a very specific
segment, a personal customer and
the early adopter university,
you can overcome this and you can
overcome it and we can analyze
it from the two variables because
it is not only the segment of
young people but the age has
been over and also not only they
seek you to save but they seek
you for other benefits,
especially those that repeat.
It has also been very important
for us to adapt the brand to this
evolution.
I don't know if you remember, at least
those who have used blablacar for
a long time, at first blablacar
had a very functional logo where
a wheel appeared, many colours,
it was even a little childish
and it is precisely because
the goal at that time was to educate,
you saw a wheel because you
already related it to something
that happened inside a
car, people were very young,
etc.
That has evolved and as our
community has become more homogeneous
and is bigger, more mature,
our brand has also had
to evolve and become
more mature.
That's why we took last year in
2018 in January a rebranding where
we put this, the most mature
brand and the most emotional
part you can see.
That is, it is just the consequence of
what you said, of going to the most
market in terms of age.
This is the result
of early adopters.
As for age and profit, it is
no longer just savings.